Make takeMoveKeysLock() update move key owner lock (#1849)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/release-notes.rst

Release Notes
#############

6.1.12
======

Fixes
-----

> * New data distributor takes the onwer lock to kill the old one. `(PR #1849) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/1849>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An untracked data distributor could prevent a newly recruited data distributor from being started. `(PR #1849) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/1849>`_
```
